DM-39214: Move ingredient pipelines into _ingredients dir (#186)
lsst/ap_verify: pipelines/_ingredients/README.md

# Pipeline Definition Ingredients

This directory contains ingredient pipeline definition YAML files.

> The pipelines defined here are intended to be used as building blocks for more complex pipelines.
> As such, they are not intended to be used directly by end-users for science purposes.
> 
> Science ready pipeline definitions are located in the [pipelines](..) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipelines defined here are intended to be used as building blocks for more complex pipelines.
As such, they are not intended to be used directly by end-users for verification purposes.

Standalone pipeline definitions are located in the [pipelines](..) directory.
```

Author: Modifying this sentence to end with "by end-users.", as discussed above.

Author: Replacing "Standalone" with "User-facing". The term standalone to me implies that these may be used in isolation, but more often than not they import a series of other pipeline YAMLs in order to function correctly.
